CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Timegrid Contribution Guide

Thank you for considering contributing to Timegrid.

*timegrid* is specially welcoming to the following aspects:

  * UI/UX enhancement/fixes
  * Bugfixes
  * Code Coverage increase
  * Code Optimization / Refactoring
  * Graphic Design enhancements
  * Localization
  * User Manual documentation
  * Technical documentation
  * API Development
  * Feature additions

As a rule of the thumb, keep **PSR-2** and **tests** in mind.

If in doubt, just drop me a line [drop me a line](https://gitter.im/alariva/timegridDevelopment?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) 
and I'll be happy to help out.

[Dev Newsletter](http://eepurl.com/bF_ARX)

# Reporting Issues

For submitting an issue, please follow the steps below:

1. Check in open and closed issues if your inquiry was reported before by somebody else.
2. If not, use the following [template](#template) for providing *required info*
3. Propose a PR if you feel to do so
4. Follow-up, keep up-to-date and join [Timegrid Slack channel](https://timegrid.slack.com/home) for realtime feedback.

## Template

```
    Type Of Issue: [Bug|Enhancement|Feature Request|Question]
    Timegrid environment: online demo|local install
    Timegrid version: (hover the cursor on the leftmost timegrid footer)
    Browser Name and Version:
    Operating System:
    Country: (fill in if considering relevant to your issue)
```

Commit message:

Add up-for-grabs reference
Following guidelines of http://contributionswelcome.org/

[ci skip]

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Timegrid Contribution Guide

Thank you for considering contributing to Timegrid.

*timegrid* is specially welcoming to the following aspects:

  * UI/UX enhancement/fixes
  * Bugfixes
  * Code Coverage increase
  * Code Optimization / Refactoring
  * Graphic Design enhancements
  * Localization
  * User Manual documentation
  * Technical documentation
  * API Development
  * Feature additions

As a rule of the thumb, keep **PSR-2** and **tests** in mind.

## Up-for-grabs

**Up-for-grabs** is a list of issues flagged as "easy" in order to let you quickly jump-in to the project.
The idea is that completing the task should take not more than a few hours with little understanding of the whole thing.

Go hunt some bugs, add some love, [jump in](https://github.com/timegridio/timegrid/labels/up-for-grabs)!

## Questions / Doubts

If in doubt, just drop me a line [drop me a line](https://gitter.im/alariva/timegridDevelopment?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) 
and I'll be happy to help out.

[Dev Newsletter](http://eepurl.com/bF_ARX)

# Reporting Issues

For submitting an issue, please follow the steps below:

1. Check in open and closed issues if your inquiry was reported before by somebody else.
2. Nothing found?, Go ahead with the following [template](#template) for providing *required info*

## Template

```
    Type Of Issue: [Bug|Enhancement|Feature Request|Question]
    Timegrid environment: [online demo|local install]
    Browser Name and Version: 
    Operating System: 
    Country (OPTIONAL): 
```
