readme.md, before:

<a href="http://www.timegrid.io/">
    <img src="http://i.imgur.com/905Lv7L.png" alt="timegrid.io logo" title="timegrid.io" align="right" />
</a>

timegrid
============

> Online service booking made easy.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alariva/timegrid.svg?branch=development)](https://travis-ci.org/alariva/timegrid)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/alariva/timegrid/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/alariva/timegrid)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/alariva/timegrid/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/alariva/timegrid/coverage)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/45974720/shield)](https://styleci.io/repos/45974720)
[![Current Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/beta--stable-4.1.0-green.svg?style=flat-square)](http://timegrid.io/)
[![Current Beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/dev--alpha-4.x-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](http://demo.timegrid.io/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/:license-AGPL--3.0-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.txt)

**The problem**

Small and medium scale businesses wish to provide online service booking for their customers, but the tools out there are either *too expensive* or *too complex* for their needs.

**The Solution**

Timegrid is a single platform holding all *businesses* and *customers* while letting them an *affordable* and *easy to use* way to interact. *Simple*, *Useful*, and *Fast*.

Built with the [**Laravel 5.2**](http://laravel.com/docs/5.2) framework for [**PHP**](http://php.net/).

## Screenshots

![Dashboard Example Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/I7i4kLl.png)
![Appointment Example Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/y1sw5nH.png)

[Wanna see more?](https://github.com/alariva/timegrid/wiki/Screenshots)

## Live Demo

You can try the *beta-stable* [live demo](http://demo.timegrid.io/)

> **ADVICE:** As timegrid has regular email notifications, you may use a [maildrop.cc](http://maildrop.cc/) fake account for testing.

> All accounts will be deleted from the *demo* environment every 48hs.

> **Hint:** To know which commit is in *demo*, you can hover the cursor on the leftmost label of the app footer.

## Features

### Implemented

  * User regular and oAuth2 SignUp
  * Business management
    * Contact addressbook
    * Services management
    * Availability management
    * Items Search
  * Service Reservation
  * Email reports

### Coming Soon

  * Add SMS alerts
  * Add automatic vacancy handling
  * Support for Themes
  * Support for more industry sectors reservation strategies
  * Users reputation
  * ...and more

## Official Documentation

  * [![Developer Documentation in English](https://readthedocs.org/projects/timegrid-doc-dev/badge/?version=latest)](http://timegrid-doc-dev.readthedocs.org/en/latest/?badge=latest) Developer Documentation in English

## Installing

[Read the INSTALLING section](INSTALLING.md)

## Troubleshooting

I'm open to help out! Just [drop me your feedback](https://timegrid.slack.com/messages/general/).

## Contributing

[Read the CONTRIBUTING section](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Special Thanks

  * [PeGa!](http://ar.linkedin.com/in/pabloegonzalez) for infra support
  * [Jose V Herrera](https://github.com/josevh) for contributions
  * [Mohammad Hossein Mojtahedi](https://github.com/MHM5000) for doc review

### License

Timegrid is open-sourced software licensed under the [AGPL](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html)

Commit message:

Remove embeded references to Concierge and refer as external package

readme.md, after:

<a href="http://www.timegrid.io/">
    <img src="http://i.imgur.com/905Lv7L.png" alt="timegrid.io logo" title="timegrid.io" align="right" />
</a>

timegrid
============

> Online service booking made easy.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alariva/timegrid.svg?branch=development)](https://travis-ci.org/alariva/timegrid)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/alariva/timegrid/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/alariva/timegrid)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/alariva/timegrid/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/alariva/timegrid/coverage)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/45974720/shield)](https://styleci.io/repos/45974720)
[![Current Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/beta--stable-4.1.0-green.svg?style=flat-square)](http://timegrid.io/)
[![Current Beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/dev--alpha-4.x-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](http://demo.timegrid.io/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/:license-AGPL--3.0-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.txt)

**The problem**

Small and medium scale businesses wish to provide online service booking for their customers, but the tools out there are either *too expensive* or *too complex* for their needs.

**The Solution**

Timegrid is a single platform holding all *businesses* and *customers* while letting them an *affordable* and *easy to use* way to interact. *Simple*, *Useful*, and *Fast*.

Built with the [**Laravel 5.2**](http://laravel.com/docs/5.2) framework for [**PHP**](http://php.net/).

**Library**

If you are looking for a reservation library please refer to [Concierge package](https://github.com/timegridio/concierge)

## Screenshots

![Dashboard Example Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/I7i4kLl.png)
![Appointment Example Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/y1sw5nH.png)

[Wanna see more?](https://github.com/alariva/timegrid/wiki/Screenshots)

## Live Demo

You can try the *beta-stable* [live demo](http://demo.timegrid.io/)

> **ADVICE:** As timegrid has regular email notifications, you may use a [maildrop.cc](http://maildrop.cc/) fake account for testing.

> All accounts will be deleted from the *demo* environment every 48hs.

> **Hint:** To know which commit is in *demo*, you can hover the cursor on the leftmost label of the app footer.

## Features

### Implemented

  * User regular and oAuth2 SignUp
  * Business management
    * Contact addressbook
    * Services management
    * Availability management
    * Items Search
  * Service Reservation
  * Email reports

### Coming Soon

  * Add SMS alerts
  * Add automatic vacancy handling
  * Support for Themes
  * Support for more industry sectors reservation strategies
  * Users reputation
  * ...and more

## Official Documentation

  * [![Developer Documentation in English](https://readthedocs.org/projects/timegrid-doc-dev/badge/?version=latest)](http://timegrid-doc-dev.readthedocs.org/en/latest/?badge=latest) Developer Documentation in English

## Installing

[Read the INSTALLING section](INSTALLING.md)

## Troubleshooting

I'm open to help out! Just [drop me your feedback](https://timegrid.slack.com/messages/general/).

## Contributing

[Read the CONTRIBUTING section](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Special Thanks

  * [PeGa!](http://ar.linkedin.com/in/pabloegonzalez) for infra support
  * [Jose V Herrera](https://github.com/josevh) for contributions
  * [Mohammad Hossein Mojtahedi](https://github.com/MHM5000) for doc review

### License

Timegrid is open-sourced software licensed under the [AGPL](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html)
